Hello, Ichi.
Hey, Koto.
Can you show me the fish you caught earlier?
I'm not sure.
You're not sure? I'm asking because I don't know.
I have a paper on my head.
Please look at it.
Where?
On your side.
Then show me this.
You can't see anything.
Can you do anything with what you wrote?
Yes.
What is the word written on your forehead?
It's not on my mouth. It's on my mouth.
Oh, your mouth.
I was worried that you might get a nosebleed from your mouth.
And your nosebleed is very strong.
I can't do anything.
I'll do it next time.
Then don't do it.
I don't want to eat anything strange.
What is the word written on your forehead?
It's soil.
Soil?
It's written on your forehead.
Do you want to do it?
Yes.
How is the word soil?
What is soil?
It's a type of soil that is hard.
You spilled it.
No.
It's different from the soil that is hard.
You're a scholar.
Then what is the word soil?
It's a good soil.
I'm not a scholar.
I'm a good person.
I don't sell soil.
I'll tell you if you don't sell it.
I won't sell it.
Then what is the word soil?
What is the word soil?
Don't scare me.
I won't sell it.
Then what is the word soil?
Then what is it?
I won't sell it.
I'm drunk.
You won't sell it.
If you don't sell it,
you'll get a nosebleed from your nose.
Why is it a nosebleed?
What is that in the middle of the sky?
It's a nosebleed.
It's a
nosebleed.
Hey, Kodoso, come here again and do the thing you did earlier.
There are fish in the pond in the yard.
Don't come here.
It's a hassle to go to that place.
Bring that pond here.
I won't bring it.
Don't come here.
What's that red thing on the right?
It's a octopus.
Octopus?
Is it alive?
No.
Is it dead?
Yes.
When did you do that thing yesterday?
I don't know.
Octopus is dead.
I told you to put a piece of octopus in the pot.
You did something terrible.
It's red.
It's red because it's a nosebleed.
Is it a nosebleed?
It's a nosebleed from shrimp, crab, octopus, octopus, red things.
Who's the one who has a nosebleed?
There's no one else who has a nosebleed.
What's that thing next to it that's broken with a nosebleed?
It's a red bean paste.
I'll put it in a pot.
Red bean paste pot.
What's that thing next to it that's wearing a dewa hat?
It's my cape.
I'll put it in a pot.